All right. So, today what I want to do

is I want to go over this Mundev AI

agents

mostly for trading, but I'm doing all

types of things as you as you know. It's

going to be mostly trading as that's

what I focus most of my time on. But I

threw a couple agents in here that are

not for trading. Anyways, this is all

open- source GitHub. I thought it'd be

cool experiment to have at least one

project here that's totally open source

and anybody can pull from it, build on

it, and we should be able to come up

with some interesting ideas here. um as

a team as everybody has access to it. So

what I want to do here is give you a

walkthrough of the GitHub. Um you have

the link already. It should be down

below if not. Anyways,

as you can see, it's growing pretty

fast. You can go ahead and hit star in

order to save it and fork in order to

keep it. But essentially, you can go

ahead and read the read me to see the

vision here. But essentially, AI agents

are clearly the future and the entire

workforce will be replaced or at least

be using AI agents. Is that going to be

this year? Probably not. Next year,

maybe over the next 5 years, I think

absolutely. So, I just wanted to get

this out in the public and then walk you

through how to use this. There are two

short um document uh documentation

videos I created here, but ideally this

will be the third one to really show you

the things that I've been building this

week as each week they will get updated.

So you see we have a bunch of live

agents and this week we actually updated

the trading agent. So now there's a

swarm model. So not a model but a swarm

agent that we built. If we scroll down

here, you know, we have a bunch of

agents. You can read through them. The

strategy agent, the trading agent, the

risk agent, the copy agent, the whale

agent. A lot of you have been here while

I was building some of these on stream

as well. But one of the big updates we

made was the swarm agent that queries a

bunch of different AIs. And I think this

is a very interesting idea. It queries

like five, six different AIs like Claw,

Gemini, Grock, Deepseek. And then it

asks them a question.

So imagine five questions, five

different companies get their answers

and then it comes back and it comes back

with a consensus AI.

So it then gives all of the answers from

the five different AIs to the consensus

AI and says, "Hey, what's the consensus

here?" So you can see all of these

agents you already have access to. I

trust that you can put this into codeex

or claude code and understand everything

yourself. But I want to go over the

three that I added here this week. The

DCA, I call it the Housecoin agent

because that's my DCA, but it's a DCA, a

dollar cost average agent that

essentially is going to buy if the agent

says okay on top of a strategy that's

already implemented in there. So, I

think it's important if you're going to

use agents that there's some sort of

strategy and then you can have like an

override almost. What I'm really excited

about this week is this swarm agent. I

think this was the biggest jump. So,

I'll show you how to access it. You can

see it queries six AI models in parallel

and then it has an AI consensus agent as

well that will help kind of consolidate

all of the answers. And then also I made

a polyarket agent. This Poly Market

agent essentially connects to all of the

live trades on Poly Market and

constantly watches all of the live

trades and then it actually uses the

swarm agent in order to

get a swarm consensus on what trades

maybe are interesting to take a look at.

I would say this is in beta, but again,

the Swarm agent is one of the biggest

jumps I've made this week, and I always

want to show you at the end of the week

the biggest jumps. That being said,

don't sleep on any of these because

these are all very interesting as well.

So, you know, you can read the read me

on your own time. That being said, I

want to give you a walk through of how

some of this read me works. So, just

read all the way through and you'll

understand everything.

But the key part here where all the code

is is in the SRC folder. So, in the SRC

folder, if I go to agents, this is where

all the agents I will continue to build

will be placed. The one I wanted to show

you today specifically was the swarm

agent. Since everybody has access to

this code, don't worry about taking

screenshots or anything. I just want to

show you around. You can see the swarm

agent. It will explain everything here

at the top. But then you can see here we

have all of these different models. Most

of them are API models that you call.

But you can see I also implemented O

Lama.

So you can run these

locally as well because a lot of people

are worried about the AI costs etc.

Well, now you have local models. So you

can see all the code here how it works

with the swarm agent and essentially I

can ask them anything and I could

probably pull this up too. Let me see if

I can pull up the code cursor here. Um,

where are my AI agents?

Here we go. Let's go to the swarm agent

so you can see an example of it. I think

it's really really cool to be able to

ask the swarm agent anything

and it will go ahead and

it will go ahead and um ask all of the

different agents.

So you can see if I run it here, it will

allow me to run it independently, but

really I built it so I can import it

into all of my other agents. for

example, a trading agent. Maybe you have

a strategy that works and then you want

to ask, hey, should I actually enter

this position to six different um AIs,

does that work? I don't know, but this

is a new frontier and anything new that

I build, I want to show you immediately.

So, what would you like to ask the AI

swarm? Um, what is the best breakfast

for me to have as an entrepreneur to

have the most energy throughout the day?

Or it could be, hey, here's data for the

last 15 bars. Should I go long or short?

You can see right now I have it marked

off. So, we're not using the O Lama. But

in order to use the local model, you

just unmark that O Lama.

I also added some new models this week

and I'll go over those as well and where

to find them. And if you know the

structure of this, then you'll be able

to build anything really because I have

all the code built. It's really about

understanding the structure. So, you can

see here that it's asking all four of

the models in parallel. So, we're using

parallel processing. That's another huge

thing that I built here this week and I

would like to show you that as well

because the thought of using parallel

processing for AI it just speeds things

up so so much. So, I'll show you that

here in a second, but you can see it got

all responses from the four models here.

And now it's sending it to a consensus

model. And then it says, okay, here's

the AI consensus. But I think it's

important to be able to see the deepseek

response, the open AI response, all of

these other responses independently, and

the consensus response because if you

imagine pulling this this swarm agent

into other programs or agents that

you're building, well, then you'll have

the answers for all of the AIS

independently, but also the consensus.

So all four responses unanimously agree

that best entrepreneurial breakfast

combines high protein, healthy fats,

complex carbohydrates. So you kind of

see how it works, right? Now on to the

topic of um parallel processing. One

thing I did here with the RBI agent is I

set up parallel processing. So if you

remember the RBI agent, remember the

process I follow to automate my training

is research, back test, implement.

Research, back, test, implement. A while

back, we built this RBI agent here that

you can run, and it will go ahead and

take any ideas off the list that we

have, ideas.txt here, and it will go

ahead and back test those. Now, a huge

jump I made this week is this parallel

processing, because now it can back test

five at or multiple at the same time. I

think I set it to five, but you can

change it to however many you want.

Yeah, parallel threads is five here. But

if you go here, um, you can add any

ideas. It's in the data folder. So, let

me close some of these

data RBI PP for pillow processing. I can

put any ideas in here. And let me just

go ahead and kind of cheat a little bit

because it's already done all those. So

let me just put some

so you can see it. So parallel

processing for the research back test

implement agent. It's researching back

testing. Really it's pretty cool because

now it's saying multiple threads. You

can see I'm using Gro for fast

reasoning. This is another huge update I

made this week. Now that I start

speaking through things, I was really

stepping on the gas this week with the

AI agents. We implemented Gro 4 here. We

implemented um queen from Alibaba. I

implemented it through Olama and through

Grock with a Q. But you can see now this

goes ahead and creates a folder and it

starts to first off research the ideas.

So whatever idea I put here, it went

ahead and made a better like written out

idea because the next step here is it's

going to back test the ideas. So this

back test folder should start getting um

filled up with new back tests. But I

think this is very cool because before

it used to do one idea at a time. You

know it would research it, make the

strategy and then it would go ahead and

back test

and then it would try to debug it and

then it would move on to the next one.

But now it does them all at the same

time or at least I have five at five

threads. You can probably do more but

you can see the back test is being

outputed here. Now it'll start debugging

the back test and so on and so on. So

this was a huge huge jump for the RBI

agent and that is available inside of

the GitHub under agents here. Again,

let's go from the fresh page here so you

can really understand this. It's going

to take some time. I know this is the

GitHub that I set up so I understand it,

but I want to keep showing you how to

get there. You go to the main page, read

the read me, and then go to the SRC

agents. Here you can see I just showed

you the swarm agent down here.

This is the one that I showed you prior

that calls all the other agents and then

makes a consess consensus agent. And

then the new parallel processing for the

RBI agent which is so so cool is right

here in the RBI agent PP. Okay. Some

other things that I added this week that

are big movers as I mentioned before the

models here. Before we didn't have XAI,

so we didn't have the Grock models and

now we do. So now you can easily import

any XAI or Grock model into your

workflows which is pretty sick.

It's pretty inexpensive as well. You can

see the pricing here. Okay, but there's

also another model that I added and it

was Queen from Alibaba. So, I don't know

if you've seen that floating around, but

Queen looks like it's a good trader or a

decent trader compared to the others at

least. I wasn't able to figure out the

direct connection to Queen through their

APIs. It's actually really really poorly

set up. But there's two alternatives for

that. I can run them locally with O

Lama. So, you can see I implemented

Queen 8B here with O Lama. So, Olama

allows you to run any model, not any

model, but any open source model

locally. So there, boom, queen. You have

queen access. But also, Grock with a Q

lets you run a bunch of different models

through an API. And you can see I have a

ton here, but now we have Queen 32B

here. So you have 8B and 32B installed

into the GitHub. So we really built a

lot of great things here this week. And

I just wanted to give you this full

overview so every single week you can

see what we're updating. as I'm spending

four to six hours a day um finding the

best thing that can be most impactful

for you at the end of the week and then

I'm trying to show you at the end of the

week. So, same thing. All right, let's

go ahead and just do one last walk

through here. Now that you have the link

to the GitHub, you can go ahead and read

the read me. What I do every time I make

a new agent, I add it to this list here.

So, you'll be able to keep your eye on

this and come back and be like, "Oh,

wow. He made a Polymarket agent." I

didn't show you that here today, but

it's in the same place. Let's go to the

SRC.

SRC here. And if we go to agents here,

you can see again the poly market agent.

This one is looking at all of the recent

all of the recent trades and it's taking

it's getting any of the crypto or sports

stuff out of there. My thesis with

sports stuff is there's a lot of

emotional traders that are essentially

just betting their team. So, I don't

really care about that. And I have so

much exposure to to crypto with

algorithms that I also remove those. You

can change that if you'd like. But

essentially, this agent will go ahead

and it will stock to see what new

um what new trades are being made on

Poly Market.

and then it will kind of give a hint of,

oh, maybe this is a good one to trade.

I didn't implement the just auto buy

yet. I want to keep looking at the data

first for a bit. But again, under SRC,

just like I showed you, you can go down

here to Poly Market. Where is it? Right

here. And then it just runs. It uses the

Poly Market API, which is nice. It's

going ahead and it's looking at the last

ones we have and then asking all of the

other agents in parallel. So you see

here I used the swarm agent. I imported

it into this new agent and then you can

see at the same time it's tracking all

of the new markets that people are

trading with any sort of size on. So you

can see 440 384. I think I have it set

up to be $100 right now. So this stuff

is moving very very quickly. Uh you can

see there's a lot of interest in trading

on poly market. I think it's a very

fascinating market as theoretically

doesn't matter if we're in a bull

market, a bare market, a sideways

market, there should always be some sort

of edge on poly market because it's a

smaller market and there's so many

different opportunities. Like any

question you ask could be a polyarket

market. So I think that's pretty

interesting. But anything I do find that

can be applied to an AI agent, I'll go

ahead and put it here in this open

source GitHub. Um, all the trading bot

stuff still still is closed source. I

don't really plan on making that open

source. Um, as you know, we all need to

kind of make our own strategies and

stuff, but I thought you would really

enjoy a nice overview here. And now you

know absolutely everything you need to

know in order to get started with this

GitHub and AI agents. There's 20 plus in

there. And that swarm that I built, I'm

so so excited about. So maybe I'll put

this as the third full walkthrough

video. But go ahead and watch video

number one and number two if you have

any confusion on this thus far. I can't

wait to see what you build.


