All right. So, my AI agents for trading

GitHub is now open source. Again, I want

to walk you through it step by step

here. So, you can see how to use it. Go

ahead and just type in Mundev AI agents

to Google or whatever. And I want to

walk you through all of this. You can

see I've already written a nice read me

that explains everything. You can read

it all here. You should be watching this

video here. Uh I will put video updates

and training into this this um playlist

here. You can see the live agents that

we already have. We have a trading

agent. It's an example agent that

analyzes token data via LLM to make the

best decisions. Then we have a strategy

agent which manages and executes trading

strategies placed in the the strategies

folder. Then we have a risk agent

monitors risk. We have a copy agent, a

whale agent monitors whale activities,

sentiment agent, listing arbitrage

agent, a focus agent, a funding agent, a

liquidation agent, a chart agent. All of

these agents, you can read through them

here. They're absolutely sick. This was

the fastest growing GitHub in the world

until I made it private. It is public

now. There's no token ever associated

with this and there never will be. If

you want to learn more, you can see the

ship features. Um, we were working on

this for multiple months here and I'm

still working on in the background, but

I made it private. Now it's public

again. Go ahead and

you can see here the docs here. This is

a nice folder with documentations.

Um, what I want to show you really

though is where to find all the code.

It's in the src. You can see yourv

example here. You'll have to copy this

and make it yourv, but all of the code

is in the src folder here. And you can

go here to agents and this is where all

of the agents live. So you can see we

have the base agent, the back test

runner, the chart analys analysis agent,

the chat agent, the chat uh the clips

agent, the coin gecko agent, the

compliance agent, the copybot agent, the

funding ARB agent, the liquidation

agent. These are all different trading

strategies, the sentiment agent. So, I'm

going to continue to work on this and I

challenge you to to pull it and build

your own stuff that you think will work

for you, you and your agents. I'll

continue to build the infrastructure out

and you can use this code however you'd

like. As you know, this is not financial

advice. Please pause the video here and

see that I am not a financial adviser. I

never will be and never want to be. So,

please read this, pause here. I'm just a

coder coding from my bedroom. Okay? you

can have all of the code for all of

this. Now, so what I want to go ahead

and do now that you know the structure,

again, the structure is the most

important part because yes, you can just

pull this in AI and she can detail it

for you, but the read me, I explain it

all here in the readme what we're

building. I'm just going to continue to

build on top of this. Make sure to hit

the star and the fork if you want the

code. You just hit star here to save it

to your your uh GitHub and then fork if

you want the actual code. Now here in

the src is the main part. So src here we

have agents here and then we have the

models here. So I'm actually going to

update this now today because I've been

fading Grock from Twitter. So you can

see I have Claude, I have Deepseek, I

have Gemini, I have Grock, the other

Grock. Uh, we have Olama, we have Open

AI. Today, we're going to implement

Grock as I see some chatter about Grock

being a good trader. We already have

DeepSeek. Looks like that's the best

trader, but we'll go ahead and update

that model here today. That's again in

the source models folder. Then we have

the source agent. And then the data

folder is where you can save all your

data. And here's some extra scripts.

These are also helpful here. So, just go

ahead and check it out for yourself.

I'll make sure all of this is um below

in the

it's all in the GitHub. It's all in the

GitHub. I just wanted to make sure to

make this short concise video here so

you can understand how to get around the

GitHub and where to um get all the code

and what types of things we're going to

be building. It's going to be mostly for

trading. It says Mundev AI agents,

autonomous AI agents and Python for

trading for the most part. Now, I am a

builder and I build things that I need

for my life. So, you can see there's

actually a little bit more than just

trading in here, but um I'm an

algorithmic trader and that's where most

of my focus is going to be, but I'm also

a builder and I love to ship. So, I will

just keep shipping and updating this

GitHub. All you have to do is hit the

star to save it to your GitHub and then

the fork in order to get the actual

code. So, yeah, that's about it. I just

wanted to give you this short concise

update video here. And now we're going

to dive in and update this code. So

inside of the SRC will have Twitter's

Grock in here. Next.


